Nested SignerSets (#55)
mobilecoinfoundation/mcips: registries/block-version-features.md

| Block Metadata                     | 3             | Block metadata is specified for ArchiveBlock format, containing signatures and AVRs | [MCIP #43](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0043) | `ArchiveBlockV1::BlockMetadata` |
| Masked Amount V2                   | 3             | Masked Amount key derivation is changed to include an "amount shared secret". | [MCIP #42](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0042) | `MaskedAmount => OneOf { MaskedAmountV1, MaskedAmountV2 }` |
| Partial Fill Rules                 | 3             | Extend 'Signed Input Rules' feature to support partial fill rules. This enables partial fill atomic swaps. (Note: In code this support is tied to the 'Masked Amount V2' feature.) | [MCIP #42](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0042) | `InputRules::{partial_fill_change_output, partial_fill_outputs, min_partial_fill_value}` |

> | Nested SignerSets                  | 3             | Extend `SignerSet` to support nesting. This enables hierarchical multi-sigs | [MCIP #55](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0055) |  `SignerSet::{individual_signers, multi_signers}` |

Reviewer: :wrench: Thinking the feature name should match the MCIP
```suggestion
| Nested Minting Multi-Signatures                  | 3             | Extend `SignerSet` to support nesting. This enables hierarchical multi-sigs | [MCIP #55](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0055) |  `SignerSet::{individual_signers, multi_signers}` |
```

| Block Metadata                     | 3             | Block metadata is specified for ArchiveBlock format, containing signatures and AVRs | [MCIP #43](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0043) | `ArchiveBlockV1::BlockMetadata` |
| Masked Amount V2                   | 3             | Masked Amount key derivation is changed to include an "amount shared secret". | [MCIP #42](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0042) | `MaskedAmount => OneOf { MaskedAmountV1, MaskedAmountV2 }` |
| Partial Fill Rules                 | 3             | Extend 'Signed Input Rules' feature to support partial fill rules. This enables partial fill atomic swaps. (Note: In code this support is tied to the 'Masked Amount V2' feature.) | [MCIP #42](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0042) | `InputRules::{partial_fill_change_output, partial_fill_outputs, min_partial_fill_value}` |

> | Nested Minting Multi-Signatures                  | 3             | Extend `SignerSet` to support nesting. This enables hierarchical multi-sigs | [MCIP #55](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0055) |  `SignerSet::{individual_signers, multi_signers}` |

Reviewer: IFF the MCIP feature name get's renamed
```suggestion
| Nested Signer Sets for Minting                  | 3             | Extend `SignerSet` to support nesting. This enables hierarchical multi-sigs | [MCIP #55](https://github.com/mobilecoinfoundation/mcips/pull/0055) |  `SignerSet::{individual_signers, multi_signers}` |
```
